feat: add uninstall makefile target (#1438)
operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager: doc/dev/reporting_bugs.md

# Reporting bugs

> If any part of the operator-sdk project has bugs or documentation mistakes, please let us know by [opening an issue][operator-olm-issue]. We treat bugs and mistakes very seriously and believe no issue is too small. Before creating a bug report, please check that an issue reporting the same problem does not already exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any part of the operator-lifecycle-manager project has bugs or documentation mistakes, please let us know by [opening an issue][operator-olm-issue]. We treat bugs and mistakes very seriously and believe no issue is too small. Before creating a bug report, please check that an issue reporting the same problem does not already exist.
```

To make the bug report accurate and easy to understand, please try to create bug reports that are:

- Specific. Include as much details as possible: which version, what environment, what configuration, etc.

- Reproducible. Include the steps to reproduce the problem. We understand some issues might be hard to reproduce, please include the steps that might lead to the problem.

> - Isolated. Please try to isolate and reproduce the bug with minimum dependencies. It would significantly slow down the speed to fix a bug if too many dependencies are involved in a bug report. Debugging external systems that rely on operator-sdk is out of scope, but we are happy to provide guidance in the right direction or help with using operator-sdk itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Isolated. Please try to isolate and reproduce the bug with minimum dependencies. It would significantly slow down the speed to fix a bug if too many dependencies are involved in a bug report. Debugging external systems that rely on operator-lifecycle-manager is out of scope, but we are happy to provide guidance in the right direction or help with using operator-lifecycle-manager itself.
```
